[Term Entry] SwiftUI Views: Circle (#1138)
Codecademy/docs: content/swiftui/concepts/views/terms/circle/circle.md

---
Title: 'Circle'

> Description: 'Pre-built shape which can be colored and positioned as desired.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Pre-built circular shape which can be colored and positioned as desired.'
```

Reviewer: Instead if saying "colored and positioned" can we say "visually modified?" This makes it broad as to what we can change about the circle view.

Subjects:
  - 'Software Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'
  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

> SwiftUI includes various pre-built shapes, like rectangles, **circles**, and capsules, which can be generated, coloured, and positioned as desired.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SwiftUI includes various pre-built shapes, like rectangles, **circles**, and capsules which can be generated, coloured, and positioned as desired.
```

## Syntax

```pseudo
Circle()

> //Properties, such as fill, frame, borders etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Modifiers, such as fill, frame, borders etc.
```

> // Modifiers, such as fill, frame, and borders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Modifiers
```
 Let's keep the syntax code snippet like this and explain in the paragraph below

Reviewer: It'd also be great if we can include that key term below

```

> The `"Circle"` is one of the pre-built shapes. The user can use different properties such as fill, stroke, alignment, size to adjust the circle according to their requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Circle` is one of the pre-built shapes. The user can use different properties such as fill, stroke, alignment, size to adjust the circle according to their requirements.
```

> `Circle` is one of the pre-built shapes. A developer can use different properties such as fill, stroke, alignment, and size to adjust the circle according to their requirements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Circle` is one of the pre-built shapes. A developer can use different properties such as fill, stroke, alignment, and size to modify or adjust the circle according to their requirements.
```

## Example

> The following example make a `"Circle"` which is filled with purple color:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example make a `Circle` that is purple:
```

```swift

>   var body: some View{

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  var body: some View {
```

    Circle()

>       .fill(.purple)
>       .frame(width: 200; height: 200)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    .fill(.purple)
    .frame(width: 200; height: 200)
```

  }
```

> The above code generates a circle having dimensions of 200x200 points.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above code generates a circle having dimensions of `200`x`200` points.
```

> The above code generates a circle having dimensions of 200x200.

Reviewer: Can we explicitly define the measurement unit

Author: Yes, I added the unit.

---
Title: 'Circle'
Description: 'Pre-built shape which can be colored, positioned as desired.'
Subjects:
  - 'Software Development'
  - 'Mobile Development'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'SwiftUI'
  - 'SwiftUI Views'

>   - 'Circle'

Reviewer 2: "Circle" may not be a broad enough topic for a tag.

>   - 'SwiftUI Circles'

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

  - 'Views'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-swiftui'
  - 'paths/build-ios-apps-with-swiftui'
---

SwiftUI includes various pre-built shapes, like rectangles, **circles**, and capsules, which can be generated, coloured, and positioned as desired.

## Syntax

```pseudo
Circle()
//Properties, such as fill, frame, borders etc.
```

> The `"Circle"` is one of the pre-built shapes. The user can use different properties such as fill, stroke, alignment, size to adjust the circle according to their requirement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `"Circle"` is one of the pre-built shapes. The user can use different properties such as fill, stroke, alignment, size to adjust the circle according to their requirements.
```
